Update use-case demo documentation to reflect Web3Messaging integration (#220)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: overview/use-case-demo.md

**monetizing computing resources**.

These examples combine our tools in different ways. For example, the

> [Web3Messaging](./use-case-demo/web3messaging.md) use case uses the Web3Mail and
> Web3Telegram tools to send directed communications to a user's email or telegram
> inbox. It employs the DataProtector tool to hide the user's email address or the
> Telegram ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Web3Messaging](./use-case-demo/web3messaging.md) use case leverages the Web3Mail and Web3Telegram tools to deliver targeted messages directly to a user's email or Telegram inbox. To preserve user privacy, it integrates the DataProtector module, which securely obfuscates sensitive identifiers such as the user's email address and Telegram chat ID.
```
